dx-928 added info in mobilepay and removed some currency from Trustly (#447)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/trustly/other-features.md

| {% icon check %} | `payment`                         | `object`      | The `payment` object contains information about the specific payment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`operation`               | `string`      | The operation that the `payment` is supposed to perform. For Trustly, this will always be `Purchase` as it is currently the only available operation. |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`intent`                  | `string`      | `Sale` is the only intent option for Trustly. Performs the payment when the end-user gets redirected and completes the payment.                                                                                                                                                               |

> | {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`currency`                | `string`      | SEK or EUR.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`currency`                | `string`      | `SEK`, `EUR`. The currency of the provided `amount`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```
